## Assignment 5 

For this assignment, you will be completing a mini-course via Scrimba. Te course is called "Learn Basic JavaScript" and you're tasked with completing a portion of the course. 

Note that this course is based on CodeAcademy content but in video format. You'll be watching videos and following along with the instructor. 

### Instructions

Visit teh following link to access the course: [Learn Basic JavaScript](https://scrimba.com/learn-basic-javascript-c07)

Complete the following modules (ignore any modules that are not listed below). While the list below may seem long, the modules are very short (1-2 mins) and should take you no more than 1-1.5 to complete.

1. Basic JavaScript Intro
2. Comment Your JavaScript Code
3. Declare JavaScript Variables
4. Storing Values with the Assignment Operator
5. Initializing Variables with the Assignment Operator
6. Understanding Uninitialized Variables
7. Understanding Case Sensitivity in Variables
8. Add Two Numbers with JavaScript
9. Subtract One Number from Another with JavaScript
10. Multiply Two Numbers with JavaScript
11. Divide One Number by Another with JavaScript
12. Increment a Number with JavaScript
13. Decrement a Number with JavaScript
14. Create Decimal Numbers with JavaScript
15. Multiply Two Decimals with JavaScript
16. Divide One Decimal by Another with JavaScript
17. Finding a Remainder in JavaScript
18. Compound Assignment With Augmented Addition
19. Compound Assignment With Augmented Subtraction
20. Compound Assignment With Augmented Multiplication
21. Compound Assignment With Augmented Division
22. Declare String Variables
23. Escaping Literal Quotes in Strings
24. Quoting Strings with Single Quotes
25. Escape Sequences in Strings
26. Concatenating Strings with Plus Operator
27. Concatenating Strings with the Plus Equals Operator
28. Constructing Strings with Variables
29. Appending Variables to Strings

... skip modules in between and continue to ...

1.  Understanding Boolean Values
2.  Use Conditional Logic with If Statements
3.  Comparison with the Equality Operator
4.  Comparison with the Strict Equality Operator
5.  Practice comparing different values
6.  Comparison with the Inequality Operator
7.  Comparison with the Strict Inequality Operator
8.  Comparison with the Greater Than Operator
9.  Comparison with the Greater Than Or Equal To Operator
10. Comparison with the Less Than Operator
11. Comparison with the Less Than Or Equal To Operator
12. Comparisons with the Logical And Operator
13. Comparisons with the Logical Or Operator
14. Introducing Else Statements
15. Introducing Else If Statements
16. Logical Order in If Else Statements
17. Chaining If Else Statements
18. Golf Code
19. Selecting from Many Options with Switch Statements
20. Adding a Default Option in Switch Statements
21. Multiple Identical Options in Switch Statements
22. Replacing If Else Chains with Switch